README.md, before:

#A lite serialization solution
there are several lib out there support serialization,like protobuffer,flatbuffers,capnproto.
Need schema file for generating source files, which is cool between peers. 
but that is too heavy for me. so I wrote this lite version.only support c++. 
If your server & client both written in c++. I think it is a  good choice. simple as it is , hack whatever u want.

#support 
* vector
* list
* map
* set
* string
* primitives(int,double,long,...)
* nesting container support
```cpp
vector<map<int, Obj*> >  
vector<vector<string> >  
vector<list<string> >  
vector<string>  
```
* endian auto conversion  
  no need to worry about endian problem.all data is writed in little endian.


#not support 
```cpp
vector<Obj>   //not support non-pointer class in container except std::string
```
use char instead bool in STL
[why](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/15809157/why-is-the-size-of-stdvectorbool-16-byte)


#build
you can build this project by CMake. or  just import **serialization.h** into your project.

cmake build process:

```sh
	mkdir prj
	cd prj
	cmake ..
```
#usage
define CHECK_ENDIAN=1  if you wanna check endian

#demo
check testSerialization.cpp

Commit message:

add auto add c++11 flags, add x64 support

README.md, after:

#A lite serialization solution
there are several lib out there support serialization,like protobuffer,flatbuffers,capnproto.
Need schema file for generating source files, which is cool between peers. 
but that is too heavy for me. so I wrote this lite version.only support c++. 
If your server & client both written in c++. I think it is a  good choice. simple as it is , hack whatever u want.

#support 
* vector
* list
* map
* set
* string
* primitives(int,double,long,...)
* nesting container support
```cpp
vector<map<int, Obj*> >  
vector<vector<string> >  
vector<list<string> >  
vector<string>  
```
* endian auto conversion  
  no need to worry about endian problem.all data is writed in little endian.


#not support 
```cpp
vector<Obj>   //not support non-pointer class in container except std::string
```
use char instead bool in STL
[why](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/15809157/why-is-the-size-of-stdvectorbool-16-byte)


#build
you can build this project by CMake. or  just import **serialization.h** into your project.

cmake build process:

```sh
	mkdir prj
	cd prj
	cmake ..
```
if it doesn`t work. set compile flags to c++11


#demo
check testSerialization.cpp
